Well, now, it's time to work with
the menu, and then the order.
So for the menu,
we will need to create some data models.
So if you're following along
the companion website,
now we are in chapter four,
creating the model, okay?
So, for creating the model,
what we actually gonna do
is to create a new file,
a new dart file, not in pages, in lib.
We're going to call that datamodel.dart.
And here we are going to
create a couple of classes.
I'm going to go fullscreen because we
don't need to see the preview right now.
So, what is the data model?
In this case,
we can use any architecture, but
I'm going to use the simplest one, they're
going to [INAUDIBLE] Class product,
the class category because the products
are actually stored in categories.
And ItemInCart,
because we will have a cart.
The ItemInCart has a product and
a quantity.
So I have two of those,
three of those, okay?
So, the category, let's start with
category, we have a property name, and
also a property that is going
to be a list of products.
Okay, this is playing OOP with dart,
no Flutter here.
So, why it's complaining,
because I'm not using optionals.
So, meaning that I need a constructor that
will receive the name and the product.
So I'm going to create
the constructor category,
and I can receive those like this.
In this case, they are mandatory and
they are position based,
or I can put these in a code block,
like so.
And now other require.
What's the difference?
That now when you
construct your categories,
they're going to be named parameters,
name arguments.
You pick the one because
this is our model.
So you can use any any solution, okay?
So, ItemInCart will
actually have a product and
an integer for quantity.
And the same thing,
I need to create its constructor
that will receive the product,
this product.
Remember that this is a shortcut, so
I don't need to assign or anything.
This quantity will receive that.
And for the product,
we have a couple of properties.
We have an ID, let's say integer.
We have a name, that is a string,
capital S, remember.
We have a price and we have an image.
And we need to do exactly the same.
So, a constructor that will receive
required this.id, require this.name,
everything is required in this case,
right?
This is actually matching a JSON file,
a web service,
that's where you go into,
we'll see in a minute, semicolon.
I think it's fine.
Remember if you use a trailing comma,
when you save,
it rearrange this in a different way.
Okay, you're trailing
comma after some things.
The only thing that I'm
going to do here also,
this is something that
we haven't seen before.
This is a class product.
Okay, this is a constructor.
I'm going to create another property.
So I have here Properties.
Some kind of a property that is
calculated on the fly, okay?
Like a compute property
on some other places.
So I'm going to say this, is a string
property that we have together.
I will call this imageUrl.
And the code for
this with which you return a string,
that will be like this, Firtman.
You have this to copy and
paste from the companion website.
Github.io/coffemasters/api/images and
the name of the image.
Let me put this in a new line so
you can actually see that.
It will look like this, okay?
So that's the full URL,
the fully qualified URL of the images
that we will download later.
But I'm not creating
another real property,
this is a compute property,
okay, that has only a gutter.
You cannot set the property from here.
That's why there is no need to add
this in the constructor, okay?
Makes sense?
That's not our data model,
actually pretty simple, okay?
Not a big deal.